# Datacard for <Channel (wecr-mass0-monojet) instance at 0x7efc46ee65f8> generated on 2020-03-26 17:28:03.298077
imax 1 # number of categories ('bins' but here we are using shape templates)
jmax 5 # number of samples minus 1
kmax 0 # number of nuisance parameters
shapes * wecr-mass0-monojet darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root darkhiggs_mass0_monojet:wecr-mass0-monojet_$PROCESS darkhiggs_mass0_monojet:wecr-mass0-monojet_$PROCESS_$SYSTEMATIC
bin wecr-mass0-monojet
observation 156517.000
bin      wecr-mass0-monojet  wecr-mass0-monojet  wecr-mass0-monojet  wecr-mass0-monojet  wecr-mass0-monojet  wecr-mass0-monojet
process               ttbar               wjets           singletop                  dy             diboson               higgs
process                   1                   2                   3                   4                   5                   6
rate                  1.000               1.000            1223.632            3438.917            1927.998               8.267
bqq_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
other_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
qq_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_ttbar_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_ttbarMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wecr-mass0-monojet_wjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
whf_deepak15_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
whf_k extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wlf_deepak15_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
